Add instructions to add metrics dashboard for NGINXaaS for Google (#1880)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-google/monitoring/enable-monitoring.md

- Enable the [Cloud Monitoring API](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/enable-api).
- Configure Workload Identity Federation (WIF). See [our documentation on setting up WIF]({{< ref "/nginxaas-google/getting-started/access-management.md#configure-wif" >}}) for exact steps.
- Grant your principal access to one of the following IAM roles depending on your needs:
  - `roles/monitoring.viewer` — View metrics in Cloud Monitoring (read-only access)
  - `roles/monitoring.editor` — View metrics and create or import dashboards
  
  See [Google's documentation on controlling access to Cloud Monitoring with IAM](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/access-control) for more information.

> - Configure zones in your NGINX configuration to collect zone-specific metrics. Many metrics, including HTTP request and response statistics, stream connection metrics, and memory statistics, are reported per zone. See the [Metrics Catalog]({{< ref "/nginxaas-google/monitoring/metrics-catalog.md" >}}) for details on which metrics roll up per zone.

Reviewer: Is "zones" an NGINX concept? If so, maybe a cross-reference to info about zones.

Reviewer 2: in nginx reference, "shared memory zone" is used, not 'zone', e.g. https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html#zone

Author: I have updated the text to include the links to `zone` and `status_zone` directives

Refer to the [Google's Metrics Explorer](https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/charts/metrics-explorer) documentation to learn how you can create charts and queries.

### Import a pre-built dashboard

To help you quickly visualize important metrics and logs from your NGINXaaS deployments, you can import a pre-configured dashboard into Google Cloud Monitoring. The dashboard displays key metrics such as request and connection rates, response status codes, upstream health, and access and error logs.

To import the dashboard:

> 1. Copy the dashboard JSON configuration shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the dashboard JSON configuration.
```
To avoid the "shown below" directional reference, can we move the "Show dashboard JSON" link under the actual step where it's referenced? So it would look like:

1. Copy the dashboard JSON configuration.
    Show dashboard JSON
2. Go to the Google Cloud Console.

1. Go to the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/).
1. Go to your metrics project.
1. Search for **Monitoring** and select **Dashboards**.
1. Select **Create Custom Dashboard**.

> 1. In the top-right corner, select the settings icon (⚙) and select **JSON** to switch to JSON editor mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the settings icon (⚙), and select **JSON** to switch to JSON editor mode.
```
We avoid directional references whenever possible.

                    "filter": "metric.type=\"workload.googleapis.com/nginx.http.upstream.peer.responses\" resource.type=\"generic_node\" ${nginxaas_deployment_name}"
                  },
                  "unitOverride": ""
                }
              }
            ],
            "thresholds": [],
            "yAxis": {
              "label": "",
              "scale": "LINEAR"
            }
          }
        }
      },
      {
        "yPos": 44,
        "height": 16,
        "width": 48,
        "widget": {
          "title": "Error Logs",
          "logsPanel": {
            "filter": "resource.type=\"generic_node\"\nlabels.\"log.file.name\"=\"error.log\"\nlabels.\"log.file.path\"=~\"/var/log/nginx/.*\\.log\"",
            "resourceNames": []
          }
        }
      },
      {
        "yPos": 60,
        "height": 16,
        "width": 48,
        "widget": {
          "title": "Access Logs",
          "logsPanel": {
            "filter": "resource.type=\"generic_node\"\nlabels.\"log.file.name\"=\"access.log\"\nlabels.\"log.file.path\"=~\"/var/log/nginx/.*\\.log\"",
            "resourceNames": []
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

{{< /details >}}

> {{< call-out "note" >}}The dashboard includes a filter dropdown for **nginxaas_deployment_name** at the top of the page. Use this filter to view metrics for a specific NGINXaaS deployment or select multiple deployments to compare their performance.{{< /call-out >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< call-out "note" >}}The dashboard includes an **nginxaas_deployment_name** filter. Use this filter to view metrics for a specific NGINXaaS deployment or select multiple deployments to compare their performance.{{< /call-out >}}
```
